# Automobile retail website 

#Overall System

Dealer websites can make or break the dealership, and it all comes down to how feature-rich the website is. As with anything else in life, quality takes precedence over quantity here. The primary reason behind people using online vehicle dealers before visiting an actual showroom is because of the ease of use of such a system. If a vehicle dealer website only complicates things, then that will betray the primary objective of having the website. We have compiled a list of all the features that your website should have to provide that complete experience to your customers.

Choosing a vehicle is one of the most complicated ventures a person can embark upon. There are so many options and variables that a simple search option just won’t cut it. Your website should have a more elaborate search option where the customers are presented with multiple options like choosing a price range and filtering content based on a specific feature, color, engine capacity, number of doors, luggage space, etc. This helps the customers to narrow down the search results to exactly what they want which can help them in making the right choice with minimal ease. If only a simple search option is available, then the customer will be forced to sift through hundreds or even thousands of results with most of them being useless with regards to what they are looking for. They would probably opt to close the website instead. By providing dynamic and targeted results, you can convert prospective customers into faithful long-term associations.

The best thing about vehicles today is that there are so many choices within a single price range. Most customers will be able to narrow their options down to a few vehicles that all have the same significant features. They will only have minute differences like a different sound system or an additional driver-aid element. One of these features will decide the customer's final choice. That is why it is paramount that your website displays the full vehicle details. An incomplete or partial description will irritate customers, and they will find it difficult to trust your dealership with their vehicle-buying decisions.

